###### Meeting 14 April 21 Summary #######
Participants: Illa, Fred, Simon, Wolfgang,

* Topics
--------
* Wolfgang: updated us on the following topics:
1. import cycle: 
-he develop a script to check this isue 'python/utils/cyclic-imports'
-he did a lot of clean-up
-extracted 'is_sim_dir()' to a new package 'pencil/util' that must not import from other packages.
-removed 'lapack/pidly/pidly.py'
2. started to write tests
3. tried to fix 'pencil/calc/example_shocktube.py'
4. reformatted 'pencil/calc/streamlines', 'pencil/calc/tensors' and 'pencil/read/power' with *black*
We discussed the usage of *black* to format the python files, and agreed on using it as a default.
*black* can be used by default in several text editors.

5. Imports
We discussed the replacement of
'from ..sim import simulations' with 'from pencil.sim import simulations'
the only problem this might have is any change of jerarchy on the different modules.

6. Backpack:
the current definition of this library is "Check for standard library"
we discussed to rename it to 'third_party'

7. Problems of 'import pencil as pc'
Currently it takes ~4 seg to import the pencil package, and this might be a problem if one just
want to run a test.
We discuss the idea of having a separate package structrue for an interactive 
use.

8. Description of submodules:
We expend quite some time discussing if we should move the description of submodules into respective `__init__.py` (from `pencil/__init__.py`)

-use of black
-rename backpack to third party?
-Replace 'from ..sim import simulations' with 'from pencil.sim import simulations'
-Distinguish between interactive and library usage ?

*Illa
9. Mailing list: 
we encourage everyone interested to join out mailing list

10. Newsletter:
We discussed the contents of the newsletter and the information we want to write

11. Files Documentation:
We discussed a general idea for the formatting of a python file documentation.
I suggested to follow the outline of 'python/pencil/read/power.py'


* Simon
12. He remove the file npfile.py, as discussed in previous meetings.
13. He changed read.var
